today I'm more exhilarating
I want to talk to you about the term
riding a horse through something you
know a lot of times I hear people say oh
my horse was bad but I wrote him through
it
to me riding him through it just means
you got past that problem whatever it
was but you haven't even worked on
fixing it you know recently I had a very
big here's like 16 - I restore tours
like was about this wide 16 - hi and
about 17 hands wide but came here
because he would wear up all the time
and kick out you know do all that sort
of stuff and the Train of it had him she
told me that you know she just kind of
ridden him through it but he just he
never gets any better it's the same
thing every day and you know the reason
being was that she wasn't actually
teaching him to get better she was just
getting passed at the time so you know I
hate him here for a couple of weeks and
end up getting him going from you know
all the rearing up and kicking out and
stuff to where he just go nice and
forward and hanging his head down nice
and relaxed like most of them do so you
know it's the same thing on the trail
ride people going to try riding their
horse spooked or something they ride him
through it but then 10 feet 15 feet 20
feet where of a further along they have
the same issue because they're riding
them through that the next day they have
the same problem you know riding them
through it doesn't help them solve the
problem it just kind of gives them the
answer they didn't have to think about
it be like if you know your kid was
learning maths or something at school
and he couldn't you know I couldn't
figure something out you just all the
answers back and went on and didn't
explain to him how you came about that
answer that's a that would be an example
of riding him through it you know yeah I
gave him the answer and now he just told
me the answers that means he knows it
but if he's got to come back the next
day and doesn't know the answer and you
got to tell him the answer again and the
next day the next day that kid would be
exactly the same as these horses that
you have to ride through issues so
anyway that's just something to think
about hope that helps see you guys next
time
you